README.md, before:

# Backup Node Application

This application is a simple web interface for creating and downloading PostgreSQL database backups. It uses Express.js for the server, basic authentication for security, and environment variables for configuration.

## Features

- Basic authentication to secure access.
- Create PostgreSQL database backups.
- Download existing backup files.
- Simple and clean user interface.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm installed on your machine.
- PostgreSQL installed and accessible from your server.
- A `.env` file with the necessary configuration.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd <repository-directory>
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following content:**

   ```plaintext
   POSTGRES_DATABASE_URL=postgres://<db_user>:<db_password>@<db_host>:<db_port>/<db_name>
   AUTH_USER=admin
   AUTH_PASSWORD=password123
   PORT=3000
   ```

   Replace `<db_user>`, `<db_password>`, `<db_host>`, `<db_port>`, and `<db_name>` with your actual PostgreSQL database credentials and connection details.

4. **Ensure the `backups` directory exists:**

   Create a directory named `backups` in the root of your project if it doesn't already exist. This is where the backup files will be stored.

   ```bash
   mkdir backups
   ```

## Usage

1. **Start the application:**

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

2. **Access the application:**

   Open your web browser and go to `http://localhost:3000`. You will be prompted to enter the username and password specified in your `.env` file.

3. **Create a backup:**

   Click the "Create Backup" button to generate a new PostgreSQL backup. The backup will be listed below the button once it's created.

4. **Download a backup:**

   Click on any backup file listed to download it to your local machine.

## Security

- Ensure your `.env` file is added to `.gitignore` to prevent it from being committed to version control.
- Use strong passwords for your database and basic authentication.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add delete functionality for backups and enhance UI styling

README.md, after:

# Backup Node Application

This application is a simple web interface for creating and downloading PostgreSQL database backups. It uses Express.js for the server, basic authentication for security, and environment variables for configuration.

## Features

- Basic authentication to secure access.
- Create PostgreSQL database backups.
- Download existing backup files.
- **Delete backup files.**
- Simple and clean user interface.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm installed on your machine.
- PostgreSQL installed and accessible from your server.
- A `.env` file with the necessary configuration.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd <repository-directory>
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following content:**

   ```plaintext
   POSTGRES_DATABASE_URL=postgres://<db_user>:<db_password>@<db_host>:<db_port>/<db_name>
   AUTH_USER=admin
   AUTH_PASSWORD=password123
   PORT=3000
   ```

   Replace `<db_user>`, `<db_password>`, `<db_host>`, `<db_port>`, and `<db_name>` with your actual PostgreSQL database credentials and connection details.

4. **Ensure the `backups` directory exists:**

   Create a directory named `backups` in the root of your project if it doesn't already exist. This is where the backup files will be stored.

   ```bash
   mkdir backups
   ```

## Usage

1. **Start the application:**

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

2. **Access the application:**

   Open your web browser and go to `http://localhost:3000`. You will be prompted to enter the username and password specified in your `.env` file.

3. **Create a backup:**

   Click the "Create Backup" button to generate a new PostgreSQL backup. The backup will be listed below the button once it's created.

4. **Download a backup:**

   Click on any backup file listed to download it to your local machine.

5. **Delete a backup:**

   Use the provided script or function to delete backup files. Ensure you specify the correct directory where your backup files are stored.

   Example usage:

   ```bash
   node delete_backups.js /path/to/your/backup/directory
   ```

## Security

- Ensure your `.env` file is added to `.gitignore` to prevent it from being committed to version control.
- Use strong passwords for your database and basic authentication.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
